Improve docs (#116)
dcermak/pytest_container: README.rst

           :alt: PyPI
           :target: https://pypi.org/project/pytest-container/

``pytest_container`` is a small and simple `pytest <https://pytest.org>`_ plugin
to test container images via pytest fixtures and `testinfra
<https://testinfra.readthedocs.io/en/latest/>`_. It takes care of all the boring
tasks, like spinning up containers, finding free ports and cleaning up after
tests, and allows you to focus on implementing the actual tests.

> Some of the features include:

Reviewer: These are not features but tasks the plugin performs, no? In this case, I'd suggest something like this:

```suggestion
The plugin automates the following tasks:
```

> - automatically pull, launch & stop containers

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- pull, launch, and stop containers
```

> - build containers via a :file:`Dockerfile`

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- build containers using a :file:`Dockerfile`
```

- wait for containers to become healthy before executing tests
- bind exposed container ports to free ports on the host
- mount volumes via temporary directories

> - parallel test execution via pytest-xdist

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- parallel test execution through pytest-xdist
```

> - dependency between container images

Reviewer: I feel like there is something missing. dependency resolution, management?

Author: Hm, it doesn't really do dependency resolution. All it can do is the following: image B needs A to build, so it will first build A and then B (you can do that recursively as well). But there's no real dependency resolution here (and it will certainly fail if you introduce cycles)

> - run the same test on as many container images as you'd like

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- run the same test on as many container images as necessary
```

> At its heart, ``pytest_container`` provides four fixtures to help you achieve
> everything that you need for your container testing. Spinning up a container

Reviewer: ```suggestion
``pytest_container`` provides four fixtures that give you everything you need for testing containers. Spinning up a container
```

image can be as simple as instantiating a
:py:class:`~pytest_container.container.Container` and parametrizing a test
function with the ``container`` fixture:

.. code-block:: python

   TW = Container(url="registry.opensuse.org/opensuse/tumbleweed:latest")

   @pytest.mark.parametrize("container", [TW], indirect=["container"])
   def test_etc_os_release_present(container: ContainerData):
       assert container.connection.file("/etc/os-release").exists

> The fixture will automatically pull and spin up the container for you, stop it
> and remove it after the test ran. Your test function will receive an instance of
> :py:class:`pytest_container.container.ContainerData`, which includes besides the
> container's id and the class instance which created it also a `testinfra
> <https://testinfra.readthedocs.io/en/latest/>`_ connection. This connection can
> be used to run some basic tests inside the container itself, e.g. check whether
> files are there, packages are installed, etc.pp.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The fixture automatically pulls and spins up the container, stops it
and removes it after the test is completed. Your test function receives an instance of
:py:class:`pytest_container.container.ContainerData` that includes besides the
container's id and the class instance which created it also a `testinfra
<https://testinfra.readthedocs.io/en/latest/>`_ connection. This connection can
be used to run basic tests inside the container itself. For example, you can check whether
files are present, packages are installed, etc.
```

> Your test function receives an instance of
:py:class:`pytest_container.container.ContainerData` that includes besides the
container's id and the class instance which created it also a `testinfra
<https://testinfra.readthedocs.io/en/latest/>`_ connection

I don't understand this sentence.
